you
for the past nine years Shelley has
ruled the mansion looking good but today
she's about to get a wake-up call
they're kicking me out
maybe it's because of your age 27
but that's 59 and bunny ears may die
yeah hey yeah yeah these summer little
Playboy Mansion he's looking for a place
to call home few ladies go to school
here too we're the housemothers of the
sororities this'll be perfect for me
this is not a brothel oh I'm not looking
to make soup try Seder their last house
mother was hospitalized with
hallucinations know sometimes when you
need help how can we be so smart but
everyone kind of thinks for losers
reading Earthling the person you least
expect my name is Shelley and I'm here
to be your house mother will be exactly
what you need and have to be popular
guys like her and these guys don't like
us I figured Shelley here could teach us
how I am just so happy if you guys want
me here this is harmony harmony and then
jo-ann jo-ann what is that it's just
this thing I do to remember people's
names
Natalie you hired The Exorcist that's
great
from happy Madison who brought you fifty
first day Shelley gets Colby I'm in love
with him so sweet how long have you guys
been going out I've never even talked to
him by the time I'm done every girl on
campus will want to pledge aceite he's
changing their style
[Music]
now we can be the best versions of
ourselves
you're pretty pleased with yourself
aren't you hey I'm a little proud don't
mess with me and they're giving her the
education of a lifetime so I met this
boy named Oliver didn't fall for any of
my tricks I think I chopped some money
over here maybe it's over here by this
manhole the house buddies
what if Oliver doesn't mind a smart girl
do you given any thought to who you
might be voting for I definitely won't
listen to what Simon Says he is just so
mean I usually always agree with Paula
and Randy oh you meant the president
[Music]